[Music]
after a lifetime of being the world's
most famous enemies
[Music]
tom and jerry are about to start over
cause that's what friends are supposed
to
do
in the big city
this hotel has been host to four
presidents three popes two kings
and we're about to host the wedding of
the century do you think you're
qualified to take on this position
i shine under pressure like a diamond or
rihanna
one other thing
we have a mouse problem with the what
now i'll catch it sir
everybody gonna shine
like this don't even gotta try oh wow
this is so detailed
we could hire an exterminator or we can
leverage
millions of years of predatory evolution
if a picture of these mouse is tweeted
up to insta book face or ticky talk
we will be ruined no sir that's not
gonna happen
that rodent is toast
i will not let this hotel be ruined by a
cat and a mouth
he's dying on us
i think i might have just pulled this
[Music]
off
oh